I would like to know why scraper takes so much data? it recovers spurious information. look at the photo the text is simple I think he got the links. he just needs to retrieve the text.

Bus Loop Closed for ConstructionStarted Wed Nov 2711:58AMUntil Tue Tue 189:06PMThe bus loop at Allandale Waterfront GO is closed for construction, and the stops for GO Bus Route 68 have been temporarily relocated to Essa Road near Gowan Street. Hereâs what you need to know:Â· For customers navigating to the temporary bus stops from the station side, please use the pedestrian tunnel to access Gowan Street and travel west towards Essa Road.Â· For customers navigating to the temporary bus stops from Gowan Street, please follow the sidewalk and travel west towards Essa Road.Â· For customers traveling southbound to Union Station, the temporary bus stop is on the west side of Gowan Street. For customers traveling northbound to Barrie bus terminal, the temporary stop is on the corner of Gowan Street and Essa Road. · The Lakeshore Dr. and Tiffin St. access to the pickup and drop-off area is closed (see map). You can still access the pickup and drop-off area from the east entrance...., for more information visit gotransit.comMore... (Started: Wed Nov 2711:58AM Until: Tue Mar 189:06PMThe bus loop at Allandale Waterfront GO is closed for construction, and the stops for GO Bus Route 68 have been temporarily relocated to Essa Road near Gowan Street. Hereâs what you need to know:Â· For customers navigating to the temporary bus stops from the station side, please use the pedestrian tunnel to access Gowan Street and travel west towards Essa Road. For customers navigating to the temporary bus stops from Gowan Street, please follow the sidewalk and travel west towards Essa Road. Road.Â· The Lakeshore Dr. and Tiffin St. access to the pickup and drop-off area is closed (see map). You can still access the pickup and drop-off area from the east entrance...., for more information visit gotransit.comMore...)